Fix: pass config parameter to useConnectorClient in useSimulateContract and useEstimateGas (#4447)
wevm/wagmi: .changeset/proud-knives-behave.md

---
"wagmi": patch
---

> Fixed config parameter passing in useSimulateContract and useEstimateGas

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed `useSimulateContract` and `useEstimateGas` behavior by passing `config` parameter to internal `useConnectorClient`.
```
